custom fields: added examples and fields reference. (#518)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/customize/metadata/custom_fields/records.md

## Displaying fields

Now that you have defined and initialized your custom fields and configured their type and validation rules, you need to configure how you want them to be displayed on the upload form and landing page.

### Upload (deposit) form

Custom fields are displayed at the bottom of the upload form and are organized into sections. Each section has a title and the ordered list of the fields that it includes.

- `section` - Title of the section.
- `fields` - Ordered list of fields to be included in the section.

> - `hidden` - Controls whether the custom field section is displayed in the landing page.

Author: I agree, will give it a try

## Displaying fields

Now that you have defined and initialized your custom fields and configured their type and validation rules, you need to configure how you want them to be displayed on the upload form and landing page using the following properties:

- `section` - Title of the section.
- `hidden` - Controls whether the custom field section is displayed in the landing page.
- `fields` - Ordered list of fields to be included in the section.

> Each field can then be configured usign the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each field can then be configured using the following properties:
```

    "facets": RDM_SEARCH["facets"] + ["experiment"]
}
```

### Add reusable custom fields to records

Invenio provides a set of [custom fields ](../../../reference/custom_fields/fields_list.md) that can be added to an instance on demand.

> In the following example, we will customize fields, create a new section ("Publishing Information") to group custom fields, and hide the "Conference" section on the landing page. It is important to note that this change only affects the visual representation of the fields and not their metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we will customize fields, create a new section ("Publishing Information") to group custom fields, and hide the "Conference" section on the landing page. It is important to note that this change only affects the visual representation of the fields and not the underlying data model (metadata fields).
```
